APM > Logs and Traces -> .NET automatic instrumentation docs update (#9707)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/dotnet.md

The .NET Tracer can automatically inject trace IDs, span IDs, `env`, `service`, and `version` into your application logs. If you haven't done so already, Datadog recommends configuring the .NET tracer with `DD_ENV`, `DD_SERVICE`, and `DD_VERSION`. This provides the best experience when adding `env`, `service`, and `version` (see [Unified Service Tagging][3] for more details).

> We support [Serilog][4], [NLog][5] (version 4.0+), or [log4net][6]. Automatic injection only displays in the application logs after enabling `LogContext` enrichment in your `Serilog` logger or `Mapped Diagnostics Context` in your `NLog` or `log4net` logger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET Tracer supports [Serilog][4], [NLog][5] (version 4.0+), or [log4net][6]. Automatic injection only displays in the application logs after enabling `LogContext` enrichment in your `Serilog` logger or `Mapped Diagnostics Context` in your `NLog` or `log4net` logger.
```
